Update Email_Settings.md (#165)
camaraproject/Governance: documentation/Email_Settings.md

For all mailing lists:
* Group Email Address: <name abbreviation>
* Group Description: Sub Project "<name with blanks>"
* ^these above lines do not make sense in this context.

> * Restricted Membership: No
> * Message Moderation: Messages are not moderated.
> * New Members Moderation: Yes
> * Message Policies: New members are moderated and are unmoderated after one (1) approved message.
> * Message Policies: "Allow Parent Members to Post"

Reviewer: I suggest to follow the structure within groups.io settings:
```suggestion
* Privacy:
  * Visibility: Group list in parent group, publicly viewable messages
  * Member List Visibility: All owners, and moderators with the correct permissions
  * Email Address Visibility in Archive: Mask email address in the web archive
* Group Type and Moderation:
  * Restricted Membership: No
  * Announcement-Only Group: No
  * Message Moderation: Messages are not moderated.
  * New Members Moderation: Yes
  * Unmoderated after: 1 approved message
* Message Policies:
  * Allow Nonmembers to Post: no
  * Allow Parent Members to Post: yes (note: parent of all other groups is "main")
```

> 
> **AND**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following groups have specific settings (only the differences to above settings are listed):

```

> Board:
> * Restricted Membership
> * Messages are not moderated
> * Message Policies: "Allow Parent Members to Post"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For "board" + "tsc-private":
* Privacy:
  * Visibility: Group not listed in parent group, messages viewable by subgroup members only
  * Restricted Membership
* Group Type and Moderation:
  * Restricted Membership: Yes
  * New Members Moderation: No
```

> 
> **AND**
> 
> All:
> * Unrestricted Membership
> * Messages are not moderated
> * New Members Moderated: Unmoderated after one (1) approved message
> * Message Policies: "Allow Parent Members to Post"

Reviewer: This section can be delete, as there are no specific settings (?)
```suggestion
```

**OR**

For adm:

> * Restricted Membership
> * Message Moderation: Messages are not moderated
> * Message policies: only "Allow Nonmembers to Post" - these messages will be moderated instead of rejected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Group Type and Moderation:
  * Restricted Membership: Yes (NOTE: only administrators of CAMARA are members)
  * New Members Moderation: No
* Message policies: 
  * Allow Nonmembers to Post: yes (Messages from nonmembers messages will be moderated instead of rejected)
```

> **OR**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

And the section "For main" has to be changed accordingly into

```
For main:
* Group Type and Moderation:
  * Announcement-Only Group: yes
```
